
1. What is the difference between validation and test set.
2. The main idea behind cross validation.
3. What is the difference between a model parameter and a learning algorithm’s hyperparameter?
4. What is the purpose of a validation set?
5. Precision, Recall, confusion matrix and roc and auc 
6. WHy if P value is small than the feature is significant
7 Feature selection methods are wraper methods which are forward selection and backward selection or in fast ai feature importance vor
konkret column@ shuffle enq anum train anum heto tenum validation score@ shata poxve te che ete qicha poxvum uremn et feature@ karevor chi 
ete shat poxvum uremn karevora.
U kan filter methodner orinak Anova u chi-square
8. what is the main differnce in ridge and lasson and which is used when .... in ridge regression regression we make squared penalty 
and coefficients chen kara darnan 0, aysinqn menq ridge kogtagorcenq en jamanak erb mer useless featurener@ qichen isk ete mer useless
featurener@ shaten menq kogtagorcenq lasso regression vortev lasson vat featureneri coefficient@ karuma sarqi 0 moduli hashvin.
Harc inch ridge @ karuma isk lasson che. Lambdan gtnumenq cross validationov u ogtagorcumenq overfitting ic avoid anelu hamar. 
9. Elastic Net@ ogtagorcuma Lasso u Ridge regression penalty n irar het u inq@ aveli lava correlacvac featureneri het vortev elastici
oqnutyamb karumenq rad anenq dranq.
10. What is naive bayes classifier and where it is used.
11. Which models in machine learning have low bias and high variance and which models have high bias and low variance and on which training
data to use them.
12.Irreducible errori stacum@ 
13. Difference between pruning and cost complexity pruning and the difference between growing a tree with cross entropy and Gini index.
14. chi square test for correlated categorical variables
15.  Is it possible capture the correlation between continuous and categorical variable? If yes, how? Yes ANova test how?
16. WHy is adjusted R squared metric better than R squared for model accuracy?
17. WHy is MSE better metric than Cross Entropy in classification.
18. How to choose KNN in K n meke expectation maximization mekel student t distribution. 

